Update instances table (#32)
zkpstandard/wg-plonkish: src/relation.md

### Instances

> The relation $\mathcal{R}_{\mathsf{plonkish}}$ takes instances of the following form:
> * Global instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relation $\mathcal{R}_{\mathsf{plonkish}}$ takes instances with the following elements:

* Global instance elements
```

| Instance element | Description                               |
|------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| $\mathbb{F}$     | A prime field.                            |
| $n > 0$          | Number of rows for the witness matrix.    |
| $m > 0$          | Number of columns for the witness matrix. |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| $t$              | Length of the instance vector. |

```

> * Instances for [Fixed constraints](#fixed-constraints)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Instance elements for [Fixed constraints](#fixed-constraints)
```

| Instance element | Description |
|------------------| -------- |
| $m_f \leq m$     | Number of columns that are fixed. |
| $f$              | The fixed content of the first $m_f$ columns, $f \mathrel{⦂} \mathbb{F}^{m_f \times n}$. |

> * Instances for [Copy constraints](#copy-constraints)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Instance elements for [Copy constraints](#copy-constraints)
```

| Instance element | Description |
|------------------| -------- |
| $\equiv$         | An equivalence relation on $[0,m) \times [0,n)$ indicating which witness entries are equal to each other. |

> | $t$              | Length of the instance vector. |
> | $\phi$           | The instance vector $\phi \mathrel{⦂} \mathbb{F}^t$. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
$t$ is global. $\phi$ is its own thing really.

| $S$              | A set $S \subseteq ([0,m) \times [0,n)) \times [0,t)$ indicating which witness entries are equal to instance vector entries. |

> * Instances for [Custom constraints](#custom-constraints)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Instance elements for [Custom constraints](#custom-constraints)
```

| Instance element | Description |
|------------------| -------- |
| $p_u$            | Custom multivariate polynomials $p_u \mathrel{⦂} \mathbb{F}^m \rightarrow \mathbb{F}$. |
| $\mathsf{CUS}_u$ | Sets $\mathsf{CUS}_u \subseteq [0,n)$ indicating rows on which the custom polynomials $p_u$ are constrained to evaluate to 0. |

> * Instances for [Lookup constraints](#lookup-constraints)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Instance elements for [Lookup constraints](#lookup-constraints)
```
